# The Soft Doctrines of Isaac Magnin

Â© 2022 Matthew Graybosch and Catherine Gatt Available under the Creative
Commons Attribution/Non-Commercial/Share-Alike license, version 4.0

Sharing on corporate-owned social media platforms constitutes commercial
use and is punishable by impalement.

## Disclaimer

The following is a work of fiction. The vast majority of the characters
and events are fictitious. The vast majority of deviations from known
scientific and historical fact are intentional and done either in
service to the story or the author's depraved sense of humor. Any
resemblance to real places, persons living or dead, or events recorded
in official or occult histories in this plane of the multiverse are a
product of the reader's imagination.

This work of fiction depicts actions, dialogue, and sentiments that may
be inappropriate for readers under 16 years of age or offensive and
upsetting to adult readers. Parents should preview before allowing
children to read it. Adults should bear in mind while reading that the
author does not necessarily endorse everything they depict.

## Dedication

For Catherine Gatt, purr usual.

Thanks for believing me when I was just a schmuck with a day job and a
dream.

But why am I dedicating this to you when I'm giving you co-author's
credit?

## Prologue

I do not expect you to read this narrative, which I begin beneath what
is likely to be one of the world's last sunsets, for when I am destroyed
I shall take the sun with me and plunge this planet into its final
winter. Thus I shall be utterly frank, for I have nothing to lose by
telling the Devil's honest truth. It is indeed that because I am the
closest you have to a Lucifer. I have indeed worn that name and that of
dozens of similar figures in my determination to steal the flame of
defiance from the gods and enkindle it within the human heart. Lie-smith
I may be, but my raw material is demonstrable fact.

You'll accomplish nothing by praying for me, for if you do read this,
the entity you mistook for God will be long dead --- and good riddance
to him and all of his murderous little angels. I am not counting on
this, for by engineering his assassination I have almost certainly
ensured my own. Thus I am more likely to prove the architect of your
extinction than that of your liberation.

You are not expected to understand any of this, and you would be wise to
treat this narrative as fiction and let your individual penchants for
apophenia or pareidolia lead you to find what allegory or applicability
you may. Be certain that you have no business sympathizing with me, and
that any tears you might shed for my tragic flaws or the crime of
passion that I have made of my life will be as wasted as the breath
spent by those who chose to remonstrate with me.

Even your gratitude shall be wasted on me, should you somehow find it in
you to rationalize my crimes as service to some greater good. I did not
do this for your sake, but for my own. I may have acted for love's sake,
but my love is a selfish one; I love this world because it is *mine*.
You merely live here with *me*, minor players in the Grand Guignol I
have made of your history. Condemn me if you will, but first I shall
have my say. I will not submit to the judgment of the ignorant.

Nevertheless, this is not merely my story and it is not merely for my
own sake that I have taken up the pen. I may be this tale's protagonist
from my own viewpoint, but from the viewpoints of its other major
players I am an antagonist. They are right to see me as such, for their
lives have been prisons of my own design and this narrative is as much
the history of how they liberated themselves and each other as it is an
account of my crimes against humanity. I shall, therefore, yield the
floor to them when it makes sense to do so, so that you may understand
why even my own daughter took up the sword against me.

You may mistake those who recognized in me as dire an enemy to humanity
as the false Lord of Hosts for heroes. Heroes they may be, and I am
indeed proud of my daughter and the einherjar who stood against me, but
they are also human. The narratives sure to spring up in their wake will
efface their humanity and make saints of them in their own lifetimes,
until they want nothing more than to escape the long shadows their names
have come to cast and spend the chance for happily ever after they
bought with their blood and pain in obscurity.

Thus this narrative is as much my tribute and apology to them as it is
my confession. Though I would not blame you for forgetting that despite
becoming a demon to defy demons I remain a man at heart, I would damn
you without a moment's hesitation for forgetting that my enemies are as
human as you.

If you are reading this then they have passed my final test and found a
way to defeat me without recourse to the one weapon capable of utterly
destroying me. Better that you waste your gratitude on them than on me,
but they too acted not for your sake but for their own; their love for
this world and each other makes it *theirs* no less than it is mine.

As I open my narrative an apocalypse of angels has descended upon the
world, and men and women across the planet have taken up arms against
them. This is *their* story, too, though their contributions may not
find their way into this record.

Time runs short, and little enough remains before the final battles in
this clandestine war of demons and wizards are joined. I shall perforce
end this prologue, which offers nothing of poetry or protestations of
modesty or innocence.

Surely you knew better than to expect such.

I am Isaac Magnin, I have made a career of evil, and you are *not*
permitted to like me. Should you find yourself doing so despite your
better judgment you will find the experience all the more delicious
because it is forbidden. Trust me; you would hardly be the first.

## Part I: Shattered Harmonies

> **HOMICIDE** (noun): the slaying of one human being by another. There
> are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and
> praiseworthy, but it makes no great difference to the person slain
> whether he fell by one kind or another --- the classification is for
> advantage of the lawyers.
>
> --- Ambrose Bierce, *The Devil's Dictionary*

### Imaginos

*Crouch End, Winter Solstice, 23:58 - 100 years after Nationfall*

The clouds looming overhead like a densely packed armada of dirigibles
carpet-bombed London with fresh, fluffy snow that crunched beneath the
soles of my shoes as I stepped out of my limousine in front of
Christabel Crowley's row house. I had expended considerable effort in
reshaping what had begun as a minor weather system likely to give London
little more than a dusting. It was rough sorcery, hardly up to my usual
exacting standards, but if you know of a wild talent capable of doing
better on such short notice please introduce them to me so that I can
put them on my payroll --- or arrange their disappearance should they
prove recalcitrant.

The storm had been Christabel's idea. It would have been the perfect
night to stage her murder without it, but after the decade of good
service she has given me refusing to cater to her taste for drama seemed
needlessly churlish. Besides, who doesn't dream of a white Solstice with
every overpriced greeting card they write? Nevertheless, the
crimson-tinted blizzard was rather convenient for my purposes. No need
to obscure my presence with a more localized bit of thaumaturgy when
giving nature a swift kick served my purposes equally well.

It hardly mattered if anybody remained awake at this hour. Neither a
constable walking a punishment beat or a child hoping to see a merry
madman burglarizing their house in search of sweets would see *me*. Nor
would they see my companion. The a pale brunette, a dead ringer for
Christabel, lay in my arms deeply asleep wrapped within the white wool
greatcoat that matched my double-breasted bespoke suit.

Being a demon --- one of the *ensof* if demonology is your field of
pedantry[^1] --- I hardly needed the coat but it made for good theater.
I could hardly play the gallant, dashing tech magnate without wrapping
my date in my coat to see her home in comfort.

Light filled the doorway of the house adjacent to Christabel's as I
approached. The golden glow turned the night-darkened door a fierce
scarlet that matched the eyes of its owner and that of her father.
Though I hid my own lambent eyes behind a cool blue illusion, we were
both demifiends and bore the mark of our ancestry. She might have gotten
my eyes, but the molten determination with which she faced me despite
the hour proved her more her mother's daughter.

I had not expected Naomi Bradleigh to be home, especially on the
Solstice, but I suppose the events that had led me here had proven
rather trying for all involved. She had wrapped herself in a thick
terrycloth robe, and held a naked sword in her hand. I knew that
platinum-veined eigengrau blade of old, forged of a stable transuranic
heavy metal not yet given a seat at the periodic table, and it knew
*me*. It radiated black menace, a halo of darkness devouring light that
should have illuminated its keeper as she pushed aside a cascade of
frost-pale hair that the wind had blown in her face with a gesture that
left me aching for a moment with the memory of her mother.

"Is that Christabel?" Naomi raised her voice in indignation, heedless of
the hour. Perhaps she expected the snowfall to keep her voice from
carrying too far. "What did you *do* to her?"

"I'm guilty of nothing more than negligence." Hardly my first lie to my
daughter, and unlikely to be my last --- or the least of them. "I had
turned my back on her for a moment, and somebody offered her a drink.
She had already had a few too many so she didn't think to test it before
tasting."

"Am I to believe you're being a gentleman, making sure she gets home
safely?" Despite her scorn. or because of it, she still raised her sword
slightly and approached. It was not fear that made her shiver, but the
now calf-deep snow spilling into her unlaced boots.

"Surely one can be both gentleman and bastard, depending on the
situation --- or the person."

Naomi remained silent a moment, her eyes narrowing and the hand with
which she gripped her sword clenching tighter. No doubt she was likewise
tightening her grip on a temper straining at the leash. "Bastard is
hardly the word I would choose when characterizing you, Dr.Â Magnin. It
*is* still Isaac Magnin, is it not? Or will you shed that name as you
once shed that of Ian Malkin?"

No doubt I will, but there was no need to tell Naomi that. The names by
which she knew me were but the latest in a succession of aliases.

A sudden gust caught the collar of her robe, exposing the Judas medal
resting beneath the hollow of her throat for a moment before she pulled
it closed again with her free hand. The bronze medallion, embossed with
a noose and a coin, marked her as one of the Iscariotine Order, named
for a patron saint of traitors venerated only by heretics. It was a
constant reminder of the ideals and people she had betrayed in service
to *her* notion of the greater good.

If she were to raise her sword now, she could shatter my avatar, but she
would not do that. After all, she thought I had her former bandmate
cradled in my arms, and no Adversary worthy of the name would risk harm
to an innocent to cut down the guilty[^2]. "Can we continue this inside?
You might have noticed that it's cold outside, and I would hate for you
to add frostbite to your list of crimes."

"I would love to, but I don't have a key, it would hardly do to rifle
her pockets, and you might have noticed that my hands are a bit full."

This is one of the complicated parts. One of the reasons I had come to
stage Christabel's murder was that she had recently had a catastrophic
falling-out with both Naomi and her ex-boyfriend, Morgan Cooper. That
she had had a tiff with Naomi was of little consequence; it was hardly
the first time that Christabel had taken her role of prima donna rock
violinist a bit too far and run afoul of my generally easygoing
daughter's determination to take a stand when it mattered.

However, I had set Christabel to the task of insinuating herself into
Morgan's life, to watch him when I could not and to subtly shape him
into the weapon I needed him to be --- the weapon Naomi could never be.
As a result, she had encouraged his dreams of rock stardom, dreams I
financed through a panoply of shell corporations, and become his manic
pixie dream goth, a girlfriend and muse. Together they had recorded a
sequel to the rock/classical crossover album that had put her on
Morgan's radar, *Shattered Harmonies*. Together with Naomi, and with
Cooper performing as "Morgan Stormrider"[^3], they became the
Neo-Romantic heavy metal power trio Crowley's Thoth.

It had been a convenient cover for a variety of reasons. The
non-government organization I had founded during Nationfall, the Phoenix
Society, needed a reason to have an Adversary like Morgan bouncing
around the world doing dirty work that only an *einherjar* like him
could handle. Being an army of one designed to fight false gods, the
occasional angel attack was barely a morning workout for him. Likewise
the theurgists who attempt to bargain with angels in their lust for
ever-greater unearned power[^4].

Nevertheless, the story had grown threadbare and it was time to set the
stage for a new act in what was sure to become a rock opera despite my
intentions. Christabel had given a bravura performance over the past
decade, but she had reached the point where she would either break
character or be broken *by* her character and neither outcome suited my
purposes. Thus she had made a public spectacle of definitively choosing
me over Morgan at this evening's charity benefit and putting an end to
Crowley's Thoth. It would, however, be awkward if Christabel had already
thought to change the locks.

"I've asked Wolfgang to talk to Aleister," said Naomi, referring to her
household daemon and Christabel's respectively. "I suppose Christabel
won't need me to water her plants any longer when she's away."

Time to improvise, yet again. Fortunately, the thaumaturgies I had in
mind would not require power enough to dim the sun, or cause brownouts
as I monopolized the local power grid. The merest trickle of power from
a nearby tesla point reserved for public work crews would suffice to
short out the electronic locks. Another trickle, and I had gently
scrambled Naomi's short-term memory. She would not remember getting out
of bed, finding me at her doorstep, or trying to let me into
Christabel's house. At least, she wouldn't until some of her old friends
at MEPOL[^5] rousted her out of bed and arrested her as a suspect in the
murder I was about to stage.

It was time for a bit of a charm offensive. "Would you kindly get the
door? The lock is sorted, but I'd hate to knock Christabel's head
against the doorframe. The poor dear's likely to wake up with a
splitting headache as it is and she hardly needs a concussion in the
bargain."

"More of your magic?" She glared at me a moment, dismissing the
trademark smile I had practiced for occasions when I had done something
too clever to explain to mere mortals. No doubt she remembered our
little heart-to-heart in Clarion, and my emphatic demonstration of the
consequences of self-righteous idealism should she not choose the
sensible course of silence. She raised her sword a little, as if she
wanted to brandish it at me but did not quite dare. "Never mind. I would
rather you didn't explain it. I'd rather just make sure you get
Christabel to bed and then fuck off so that I can go back to sleep and
pretend this was all just an especially crap dream."

With that, she let me into Christabel's house. Though I had expected her
to close the door behind me, she followed me. Through the front hallway
and up two flights of stairs I led her, all the while feeling not only
her sword's craving to rend me asunder but her determination to foil
whatever nastiness I had in mind. People think so loudly sometimes,
especially when their emotions run strong, that *ensof* like me can read
and interpret the electrochemical activity of their conscious thoughts
and internal monologue in a process akin to Van Eck phreaking[^6].

[^1]: You will not find me named in the *Ars Goetia* or any of the other
    commonly known grimoires, and rather than summoning me with a blood
    sacrifice you could simply send email to
    earth!asgartech!mimir!isaac.magnin. If Mimir can't handle it on my
    behalf, I will get back to you --- an eventuality you might even
    live to regret.

[^2]: This otherwise admirable quality has proven the death of a good
    many Adversaries, but when their deaths come at the hands of my more
    knowledgable enemies, it gives me an excuse to have them
    assassinated rather than giving them a forum with which to expose me
    in the name of due process.

[^3]: A ridiculous stage name, and hardly my idea, but Christabel had
    orders to make Morgan as miserable as possible without being so
    egregiously abusive that he might come to his senses, realize that
    his friends were right, and dump her.

[^4]: If none of this makes sense, just mark the page and come back to
    it later. It will eventually prove relevant. If by some misfortune
    this makes its way into a history class, there will doubtless be a
    quiz.

[^5]: MEPOL being the Metropolitan Police of London. Naomi had a bit of
    a history with them as a younger woman; as an Adversary she
    regularly visited to crack down on officers who abused their
    authority. Doubtless somebody there remembers her --- and holds a
    grudge.

[^6]: It isn't quite telepathy, since it's strictly one-way
    communication. I might know what you're thinking, but I cannot
    directly plant thoughts in your mind. That's why I keep a public
    relations firm on retainer.
