# The Soft Doctrines of Isaac Magnin

Â© 2022 Matthew Graybosch and Catherine Gatt Available under the Creative
Commons Attribution/Non-Commercial/Share-Alike license, version 4.0

Sharing on corporate-owned social media platforms constitutes commercial
use and is punishable by impalement.

## Disclaimer

The following is a work of fiction. The vast majority of the characters
and events are fictitious. The vast majority of deviations from known
scientific and historical fact are intentional and done either in
service to the story or the author's depraved sense of humor. Any
resemblance to real places, persons living or dead, or events recorded
in official or occult histories in this plane of the multiverse are a
product of the reader's imagination.

This work of fiction depicts actions, dialogue, and sentiments that may
be inappropriate for readers under 16 years of age or offensive and
upsetting to adult readers. Parents should preview before allowing
children to read it. Adults should bear in mind while reading that the
author does not necessarily endorse everything they depict.

## Dedication

For Catherine Gatt, purr usual.

Thanks for believing me when I was just a schmuck with a day job and a
dream.

But why am I dedicating this to you when I'm giving you co-author's
credit?

## Prologue

I do not expect you to read this narrative, which I begin beneath what
is likely to be one of the world's last sunsets, for when I am destroyed
I shall take the sun with me and plunge this planet into its final
winter. Thus I shall be utterly frank, for I have nothing to lose by
telling the Devil's honest truth. It is indeed that because I am the
closest you have to a Lucifer. I have indeed worn that name and that of
dozens of similar figures in my determination to steal the flame of
defiance from the gods and enkindle it within the human heart. Lie-smith
I may be, but my raw material is demonstrable fact.

You'll accomplish nothing by praying for me, for if you do read this,
the entity you mistook for God will be long dead --- and good riddance
to him and all of his murderous little angels. I am not counting on
this, for by engineering his assassination I have almost certainly
ensured my own. Thus I am more likely to prove the architect of your
extinction than that of your liberation.

You are not expected to understand any of this, and you would be wise to
treat this narrative as fiction and let your individual penchants for
apophenia or pareidolia lead you to find what allegory or applicability
you may. Be certain that you have no business sympathizing with me, and
that any tears you might shed for my tragic flaws or the crime of
passion that I have made of my life will be as wasted as the breath
spent by those who chose to remonstrate with me.

Even your gratitude shall be wasted on me, should you somehow find it in
you to rationalize my crimes as service to some greater good. I did not
do this for your sake, but for my own. I may have acted for love's sake,
but my love is a selfish one; I love this world because it is *mine*.
You merely live here with *me*, minor players in the Grand Guignol I
have made of your history. Condemn me if you will, but first I shall
have my say. I will not submit to the judgment of the ignorant.

Nevertheless, this is not merely my story and it is not merely for my
own sake that I have taken up the pen. I may be this tale's protagonist
from my own viewpoint, but from the viewpoints of its other major
players I am an antagonist. They are right to see me as such, for their
lives have been prisons of my own design and this narrative is as much
the history of how they liberated themselves and each other as it is an
account of my crimes against humanity. I shall, therefore, yield the
floor to them when it makes sense to do so, so that you may understand
why even my own daughter took up the sword against me.

You may mistake those who recognized in me as dire an enemy to humanity
as the false Lord of Hosts for heroes. Heroes they may be, and I am
indeed proud of my daughter and the einherjar who stood against me, but
they are also human. The narratives sure to spring up in their wake will
efface their humanity and make saints of them in their own lifetimes,
until they want nothing more than to escape the long shadows their names
have come to cast and spend the chance for happily ever after they
bought with their blood and pain in obscurity.

Thus this narrative is as much my tribute and apology to them as it is
my confession. Though I would not blame you for forgetting that despite
becoming a demon to defy demons I remain a man at heart, I would damn
you without a moment's hesitation for forgetting that my enemies are as
human as you.

If you are reading this then they have passed my final test and found a
way to defeat me without recourse to the one weapon capable of utterly
destroying me. Better that you waste your gratitude on them than on me,
but they too acted not for your sake but for their own; their love for
this world and each other makes it *theirs* no less than it is mine.

As I open my narrative an apocalypse of angels has descended upon the
world, and men and women across the planet have taken up arms against
them. This is *their* story, too, though their contributions may not
find their way into this record.

Time runs short, and little enough remains before the final battles in
this clandestine war of demons and wizards are joined. I shall perforce
end this prologue, which offers nothing of poetry or protestations of
modesty or innocence.

Surely you knew better than to expect such.

I am Isaac Magnin, I have made a career of evil, and you are *not*
permitted to like me. Should you find yourself doing so despite your
better judgment you will find the experience all the more delicious
because it is forbidden. Trust me; you would hardly be the first.

## Part I: Shattered Harmonies

> **HOMICIDE** (noun): the slaying of one human being by another. There
> are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and
> praiseworthy, but it makes no great difference to the person slain
> whether he fell by one kind or another --- the classification is for
> advantage of the lawyers.
>
> --- Ambrose Bierce, *The Devil's Dictionary*

### Imaginos

*Crouch End, Winter Solstice, 23:58 - 100 years after Nationfall*

The clouds looming overhead like a densely packed armada of dirigibles
carpet-bombed London with fresh, fluffy snow that crunched beneath the
soles of my shoes as I stepped out of my limousine in front of
Christabel Crowley's row house. I had expended considerable effort in
reshaping what had begun as a minor weather system likely to give London
little more than a dusting. It was rough sorcery, hardly up to my usual
exacting standards, but if you know of a wild talent capable of doing
better on such short notice please introduce them to me so that I can
put them on my payroll --- or arrange their disappearance should they
prove recalcitrant.

The storm had been Christabel's idea. It would have been the perfect
night to stage her murder without it, but after the decade of good
service she has given me refusing to cater to her taste for drama seemed
needlessly churlish. Besides, who doesn't dream of a white Solstice with
every overpriced greeting card they write? Nevertheless, the
crimson-tinted blizzard was rather convenient for my purposes. No need
to obscure my presence with a more localized bit of thaumaturgy when
giving nature a swift kick served my purposes equally well.

It hardly mattered if anybody remained awake at this hour. Neither a
constable walking a punishment beat or a child hoping to see a merry
madman burglarizing their house in search of sweets would see *me*. Nor
would they see my companion. The a pale brunette, a dead ringer for
Christabel, lay in my arms deeply asleep wrapped within the white wool
greatcoat that matched my double-breasted bespoke suit.

Being a demon --- one of the *ensof* if demonology is your field of
pedantry[^1] --- I hardly needed the coat but it made for good theater.
I could hardly play the gallant, dashing tech magnate without wrapping
my date in my coat to see her home in comfort.

Light filled the doorway of the house adjacent to Christabel's as I
approached. The golden glow turned the night-darkened door a fierce
scarlet that matched the eyes of its owner and that of her father.
Though I hid my own lambent eyes behind a cool blue illusion, we were
both demifiends and bore the mark of our ancestry. She might have gotten
my eyes, but the molten determination with which she faced me despite
the hour proved her more her mother's daughter.

I had not expected Naomi Bradleigh to be home, especially on the
Solstice, but I suppose the events that had led me here had proven
rather trying for all involved. She had wrapped herself in a thick
terrycloth robe, and held a naked sword in her hand. I knew that
platinum-veined eigengrau blade of old, forged of a stable transuranic
heavy metal not yet given a seat at the periodic table, and it knew
*me*. It radiated black menace, a halo of darkness devouring light that
should have illuminated its keeper as she pushed aside a cascade of
frost-pale hair that the wind had blown in her face with a gesture that
left me aching for a moment with the memory of her mother.

"Is that Christabel?" Naomi raised her voice in indignation, heedless of
the hour. Perhaps she expected the snowfall to keep her voice from
carrying too far. "What did you *do* to her?"

"I'm guilty of nothing more than negligence." Hardly my first lie to my
daughter, and unlikely to be my last --- or the least of them. "I had
turned my back on her for a moment, and somebody offered her a drink.
She had already had a few too many so she didn't think to test it before
tasting."

"Am I to believe you're being a gentleman, making sure she gets home
safely?" Despite her scorn. or because of it, she still raised her sword
slightly and approached. It was not fear that made her shiver, but the
now calf-deep snow spilling into her unlaced boots.

"Surely one can be both gentleman and bastard, depending on the
situation --- or the person."

Naomi remained silent a moment, her eyes narrowing and the hand with
which she gripped her sword clenching tighter. No doubt she was likewise
tightening her grip on a temper straining at the leash. "Bastard is
hardly the word I would choose when characterizing you, Dr.Â Magnin. It
*is* still Isaac Magnin, is it not? Or will you shed that name as you
once shed that of Ian Malkin?"

No doubt I will, but there was no need to tell Naomi that. The names by
which she knew me were but the latest in a succession of aliases.

A sudden gust caught the collar of her robe, exposing the Judas medal
resting beneath the hollow of her throat for a moment before she pulled
it closed again with her free hand. The bronze medallion, embossed with
a noose and a coin, marked her as one of the Iscariotine Order, named
for a patron saint of traitors venerated only by heretics. It was a
constant reminder of the ideals and people she had betrayed in service
to *her* notion of the greater good.

If she were to raise her sword now, she could shatter my avatar, but she
would not do that. After all, she thought I had her former bandmate
cradled in my arms, and no Adversary worthy of the name would risk harm
to an innocent to cut down the guilty[^2]. "Can we continue this inside?
You might have noticed that it's cold outside, and I would hate for you
to add frostbite to your list of crimes."

"I would love to, but I don't have a key on me, and it would hardly do
to drop her in the snow so that I can rifle her pockets."

Naomi glared at me, slowly shaking her head. "Am I to believe that you
came here without the slightest semblance of a plan for getting into
Christabel's house? Did you honestly think I would help you after
tonight's farce?"

It was hardly the first time that Christabel had taken her role as prima
donna rock violinist a little too far, but tonight had been a *tour de
force* resulting in the thoroughly public dissolution of Crowley's
Thoth. That I had not thought to expect Naomi's current presence was of
little conseqence; this was not my first improvisation, and the stage
was set for Christabel's murder. Her catastrophic falling-out with her
bandmates -- Naomi Bradleigh and Morgan Cooper -- would ensure that they
and their friends would have more pressing concerns than my efforts to
write the next act in what was sure to become a rock opera despite my
best intentions.

"As interesting as it might be to confirm that Christabel had already
thought to change the locks, I've asked my daemon to notify
Christabel's." Naomi pressed a fingertip to her ear to indicate that she
was communicating with her household artificial intelligence.
"Unfortunately, Aleister isn't responding."

This, however, was part of the plan. It was an indication that Ashtoreth
and Sathariel, two fellow *ensof* who had inducted me into their order,
had succeeded in preceeding me here. They would have brought with them
somebody capable of disabling Aleister from inside while overriding the
failsafes that would have disengaged the locks in the event of a
shutdown.

A bit of ad hoc thaumaturgy would suffice to short out the locks; a
handful of milliseconds and the merest trickle of power from a nearby
tesla point was all I needed. Trivial compared to my previous efforts,
really. A second more and a little more power allowed me to set up a
delayed charm that would scramble Naomi's short term memory. It would
trigger as soon as I was a kilometer away from her, and she would not
remember finding me at Christabel's doorstep just before midnight or
helping me get into Christabel's house. At least, not until some of her
old friends at MEPOL[^3] roust her out of bed and arrest her as a
suspect in a murder they have every reason to believe she committed.

No doubt their counterparts in New York would do the same to Morgan,
sure that *he* had every reason to execute her for the crime of
rejecting him and shattering his dreams. Who had abetted whom would not
matter; each would race to be the first to persuade *their* suspect to
implicate the other. I do love a good prisoner's dilemma, but I doubt
either will be capable of breaking their respective prisoners.

"It's sorted. Would you kindly get the door? I'd hate to knock
Christabel's head against the doorframe. Poor dear's likely to wake up
with a splitting headache as it is and hardly needs a concussion in the
bargain."

"More of your magic?" Naomi dismissed my practiced
*this-is-too-clever-to-explain-to-mere-mortals* smile and tightened her
grip on her sword. No doubt she remembered our little heart-to-heart in
Clarion, and my emphatic demonstration of the consequences of
self-righteous idealism should she not choose the sensible course of
silence. She raised her sword a little, as if she wanted to brandish it
against me but did not quite dare. "Never mind. I would rather you
didn't explain it. I'd rather just make sure you get Christabel to bed
and then fuck off so that I can go back to sleep and pretend this was
all just an especially crap dream."

With that, she let me into Christabel's house. I had expected her to
close the door behind me, but she followed me through the front hallway
and up two flights, all the while feeling not only her sword's craving
to rend me asunder but her determination to foil whatever nastiness I
had in mind.

### Annelise

*Crouch End, 22 December, 01:30 - 100 years after Nationfall*

It was strange to be a ghost in one's own home, but had it ever been
Annelise Copeland's in the first place? She considered the backdrop of
the life she had lived for the past decade. From the shelves of books
she had only skimmed to the framed posters of silent Expressionist films
through which she had fast-forwarded, none of it was to her taste; they
had merely been useful props. Like the violin she had learned to play,
they were the whole cloth out of which a method actor fashioned the
character they played. They were *de rigeur* for somebody like
Christabel Crowley, a bohemian sort who had adopted her alliterative
alias to hide posh origins that natives of her chosen milieu found
unsavory.

Distinguishing between Christabel's perceptions of the world and her own
required a dual consciousness that Annelise had once thought impossible
in her youthful naivety. It was hard enough being oneself. It had often
seemed to her that few dared attempt it, and fewer still succeeded.
Still more difficult was the work of keeping that true self from being
crushed beneath the weight of a long-cultivated persona.

Tonight would be Christabel's curtain call and her own rebirth. It would
be her first step away from the insanity that had nibbled at the edges
of her world ever since had allowed a honey-tongued sorcerer in white to
intrigue her. It was, now that she thought of it, a step long overdue;
she had reached the point where she needed to break character before her
character broke her.

Concealed by the arts of one of his fellow magi, she watched as Isaac
Magnin laid a doppelgÃ¤nger of the woman she had been on Christabel's bed
and tenderly tucked her in. Her neighbor and former bandmate Naomi
Bradleigh followed close behind, a naked sword in hand as if she
suspected foul play or its imminence. Rather than leaving with Isaac,
Naomi had settled into Annelise's favorite armchair with that queer
platinum-veined sword across her lap.

"That certainly took longer than I might have preferred," said Elisabeth
Bathory as she stepped from the shadows, her contralto whisper full of
the last somnolent notes of her witches' lullaby. Naomi had fought it
valiantly, jerking awake after dozing and glancing about several times,
but finally yielded to the ensof's will.

Samuel Terell gently tucked an errant lock of Elisabeth's midnight hair
behind her ear as he too emerged to consider the tableau before them.
"Do you suppose Ms.Â Bradleigh possessed some innate resistance to your
workings?"

"I wouldn't dismiss the possibility," said Elisabeth. "But if that were
the case, Samuel, she might have resisted your thaumaturgies as well. I
suspect she was merely determined to remain awake and watch over
Christabel."

Annelise glanced toward Naomi, who remained asleep. "Should we be
talking? What if she hears us?"

Samuel's reply came in a clipped tone. "I have been a spy, a smuggler,
an assassin, and a journalist. I know a few things about concealment."

Putting Samuel's boast to the test, Annelise slowly opened the closet
door. It was still mostly full; nothing remained that she had wanted to
take with her. Furthermore, emptying the closet might lead anybody
investigating the scene to suspect that there was more to the story than
they were supposed to see, a deeper truth to be read between the lines.
Shoving aside a succession of dresses and gowns she had only worn once a
year, she reached into a dark corner and retrieved a short sword in a
lacquered scabbard.

Slowly drawing the sword, she admired its rippled steel in the soft
lamplight. Morgan had left the weapon here intentionally, sure that it
might prove useful if somebody broke in. That had never happened; now
Annelise had kept the weapon because selling it or giving it away would
have raised suspicion. It was a Nakajima blade, custom work easily
identified by those with an eye for swords and access to the network;
now it would be the key that unlocked her prison.

If only she could plunge it into Christabel's breast herself, but that
would hardly do. She would be incriminating herself and rendering
pointless the entire exercise. Instead, it would be Isaac who struck the
fatal blow. With Aleister shut down, there would be no recording of the
deed, nothing to guide investigators but whatever circumstantial
evidence her patron chose to arrange.

It was clear, however, that the script for this final act in the life of
Christabel Crowley was not to Elisabeth's taste. "Annelise, are you sure
you've thought this through?"

"It's a bit late to suggest that you have a better idea," said Annelise,
indicating the sleeping double.

"Christabel can still die. Need it be by Morgan's hand? Isaac has
already established that she had had too much to drink earlier tonight,
and had subsequently been drugged. It would be a simple enough matter to
make it appear that she had overdosed and expired in her sleep."

It was an idea Annelise had already considered and discarded. "It's a
bit late for me to join the twenty-seven club."

"So, you *want* to frame Morgan for your murder, and possibly drag Naomi
into it as an accessory. Are you that determined to have the world see
Morgan as you do, a monster pretending to be a man? Is this a matter of
vengeance?"

That was a question with which Annelise had wrestled ever since Morgan
had gone haring off to Shenzhen[^4] a couple of nights before the
semiannual Solstice Pops concert at the Royal Albert Hall. He had
returned barely in time to join Crowley's Thoth on stage and had been in
full uniform, disheveled, and still stinking of violence. That had been
the final straw. She had begged Isaac to accelerate the plan. It was
only fitting; Winter Solstice was the perfect night for murder. "I've
had my fill of revenge. The look on Morgan's face when I ended the band
was priceless."

Glancing at Naomi, who remained asleep, Annelise lowered her voice. "He
would have dumped me and quit years ago if not for Naomi. Crowley's
Thoth wouldn't have become what it was without her, and he didn't want
it to be yet another band that had imploded around her."

"It almost sounds as if you had been wrong about him all along," said
Elisabeth, her arch tone leavened with something Annelise suspected to
be compassion.

"Maybe I was." Annelise spoke softly, as if admitting this more to
herself than to Elisabeth and Samuel. "I spent years sure I understood
Morgan. I thought he loved being an Adversary as much as he did being on
stage with me and Naomi. I was sure that with every mission he happily
conducted symphonies of destruction. But when he came back reeking of
blood, gunpowder, and ozone all I could see was my *idea* of him."

It had been an error for which Annelise would not easily forgive
herself. She had known better, had trained herself to see past the
posturing and theatrics with which Morgan Cooper created the image of a
relentless avenger of the downtrodden. His weapons bore the motto *nemo
me impune lacessit* not as a boast, but as a warning[^5]. Those who
tried and failed to strike Morgan down carried their regrets to unmarked
graves. Those who succeeded secured but a fleeting victory, for once
Morgan had repaired himself he would resume the hunt with renewed
conviction.

Though Annelise had initially dismissed these antics as Morgan's efforts
to make his job easier by weaponizing terror, she received periodic
updates to his dossier and could not ignore the truth of his actions on
the job. His understanding of his interdependence with the world around
him was deeper than he had ever let on. If a suspect was set on death
because the legally prescribed punishment for their crimes was
expropriation of their wealth and exile, which would impoverish their
otherwise blameless families, Morgan would oblige them with as gentle a
death as one could provide with a blade. All he asked was that they
strike the first blow, that he might be justified in the use of deadly
force.

However, if a suspect harmed innocent people or attacked a fellow
Adversary, it was not a compassionate sword that awaited them. Annelise
had seen a recording of one such situation and never wanted to see
another. Morgan had not given the suspect the slightest semblance of a
"fair fight" that would allow them to die with their pride intact.
Instead, he had used the full extent of his abilities as an *einherjar*.
Armored in defiance and wielding a blade of incandescent rage, Morgan
had methodically broken down a suspect whose original crime had been
wage theft and sexual harassment. When the suspect begged him to end his
suffering, Morgan withheld the *coup de grace* and condemned him to
life. Had this suspect not taken hostages, it might have ended with him
paying a ruinous fine and being debarred from further employment in a
managerial capacity.

Then there were the theurgists, mostly people with congenital
pseudofeline morphological disorder who had manifested a minor wild
talent, who made pacts with angels for unearned preternatural power.
Their like could not be afforded the due process of law, because putting
them on trial would entail acknowledging that the power to impose one's
will upon the world by calling upon inhuman powers was available to
those willing to pay the price. It was hardly knowledge the Phoenix
Society wanted generally available. There were only a few Adversaries
and Peacemakers with the requisite knowledge and ability to deal with
the existing caseload of theurgists and angel visitations, Morgan was
one of the, and he was hard-pressed to deal with his share of the
burden.

It was with this understanding that Annelise rationalized her initial
impulse to send her life as Christabel up in flames, hoping that the
conflagration might conceal her flight. "You two weren't there when
Morgan came back from Shenzhen. You never saw the songs he picks when we
do covers. All of his choices are melancholic songs about regret,
failure, and guilt like 'Small Dark Lines', 'Tonight He Grins Again', or
'Afraid to Shoot Strangers'. He's on the edge of burnout, this close to
breaking his sword over his knee and walking away. If you're going to
turn him against Sabaoth now is the time."

"And you think framing him for Christabel's murder is the way to set him
on the path?"

Almost as angry with Elisabeth as she had become with herself, Annelise
snapped at her. "If you've got a better idea it's a bit bloody late to
say so. We -- *I* -- should have told him everything. Hell, Naomi
probably knows more than she's ever admitted. We should have sat him
down and told him what's really going on."

"Do you think he would have believed you?"

"Fucked if I know," said Annelise, letting the persona she had
cultivated over a decade slip ever further. Her Brooklyn had come out as
she spoke. "He's not as stupid as I've pretended to think he is because
that's what Christabel thinks of him. If you had told him that it might
be possible to deal with the theurgists and angel attacks by whacking
Sabaoth, he'd probably *pounce* on the opportunity."

"Isaac isn't content with removing Sabaoth from the picture."

"No shit, Sherlock." Annelise openly glared at Elisabeth now. "Isaac is
sure that he and the rest of you *ensof* need to be removed from power.
Thing is, if Morgan comes after him with the unbound Starbreaker the
whole planet's fucked. You need Morgan to be so righteously pissed off
with the guy that he finds a way to break Isaac and *sentence him to
life*."

It was a tall order; that much Annelise knew. In the privacy of her
thoughts she had classified Morgan's states of indignation into several
fancifully-named categories: low dudgeon, high dudgeon, Malmsteen-esque
fury, Homeric rage, Shakespearean wrath. None of these would do; the
latter Morgan reserved for suspects who harmed the innocent or murdered
his fellow Adversaries in the line of duty. To find a way to control the
Starbreaker so that he did not run amok and commit indiscriminate mass
deicide he would need the serene fury of the Buddha, and Annelise was
not sure Morgan was capable of such a transcendant state belanced
between righteous anger and loving kindness.

Samuel seemed to understand. "You're hoping he'll figure out he's being
manipulated and set about figuring out who's playing him, how, and why."

"I talked a good game about giving him the facts and letting him
decide," said Annelise, "But if we did that *now* he'd think we were
conning him. He needs to figure it out on his own, and he needs a swift
kick up the ass to get him going because right now he's being all emo
about whatever happened in Shenzhen and the end of Crowley's Thoth."

The arch tone was back in Elisabeth's voice. "Are you sympathetic toward
Morgan or not?"

Annelise shrugged. "It doesn't matter how *I* feel; he can have his
existential crisis *after* he's saved the world. Just make sure his
therapist gets hazard pay."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(Old material continues here...)

It was a fair question; she had only found the nerve to suggest it the
night before when she had begged Isaac to drop everything and come to
London in time to escort her to the Winter Solstice charity gala that
followed the annual Winter Pops concert at the Royal Albert Hall. She
had finally reached the limit of her patience because Morgan had gone
haring off to Shenzhen[^6] to do some wet work in the middle of their
rehearsals two days before, and had not returned until it was time for
Crowley's Thoth to take the stage. Making matters worse, he had taken
the stage in full uniform, shattering the pretense that the Adversary
and the rock star were two different men.

"He's a monster pretending to be a man," Annelise had said when
appealing to Isaac, "and I can't keep lying to myself and pretending
that I don't see the monster when he's standing before me reeking of
somebody else's blood, ozone, and God knows what else."

Rather than immediately answer Elisabeth's question, she turned toward
Samuel. "If I open my closet, can you muffle that?"

His first response was a derisive snort. "Easily enough, but aren't you
already packed?"

Rather than answer, Annelise put Samuel's boast to the test. The bedroom
closet was still mostly full; there was nothing in there that she had
wanted to take with her, and she had packed light lest an investigator
suspect there was more to the scene than met the eye. In a dark corner,
however, rested one thing she meant to use but not to take with her. She
grasped the lacquered scabbard and brought it into the light.

"That's one of Morgan's swords," said Elisabeth.

"He left it here a few years ago. In case there was a break-in and I
needed to protect myself. Never mind that all I knew of swordfighting
was that holding the sharp end was the other bastard's job and I had no
intention of learning more."

Both Elisabeth and Samuel favored her with sharp glances; they were well
aware that Isaac had insisted that she learn more than that. She put the
lie to her own words by drawing the blade with practiced ease. It was a
shorter blade, meant more for fighting indoors in tight spaces. Her grip
was firm and her arm steady as she watched the light play along the
ripples in the steel. "You wanted to know if I had thought this through?
I've been thinking it through for the last year or so."

"Have you?"

Annelise pointed the sword at Christabel, who remained asleep. "I can't
have my life back until *she* is dead. Morgan won't become what Isaac
needs him to be as long as he can play rockstar with me and Naomi. Using
this sword will implicate him and drag into the light all of the crimes
he committed on the Phoenix Society's behalf. I just wish I could fake
his fingerprints and Naomi's so that it looks like they murdered
Christabel together."

Â«Leave Naomi out of this, bitch.Â»

The threat came to Annelise through her implant as an anonymous text
message. "Somebody just threatened me via text."

"That seems unlikely," said Samuel. "The concealment I worked also
blocks radio transmissions. The sender would have to be inside the
affected area."

Annelise glanced at the sword in Naomi's lap. It had always given her
the creeps, for she had never seen a sword made of eigengrau crystal
with platinum veins. Worse, the veins seemed to slowly pulse as if alive
and only temporarily quiescent. When she had mentioned it to Isaac, he
had given her a cryptic warning about a pulp author having stumbled upon
a fragment of the truth without realizing it and incorporating it into
his fiction. "Naomi talks to that thing. She *reads* to it at night
sometimes."

"How would you know that?" Elisabeth glanced at Naomi, who remained
asleep. "I doubt she flaunts such peculiarities in public when she is
almost as invested as maintaining a facade of mundane humanity as
Morgan."

"I was sharing a room with her on tour because Morgan and I were on the
outs and I didn't want to waste money on a room of my own. I woke up at
zero dark thirty and found her reading to the damn thing. After she put
it away and ducked into the loo I got a look at the book she was
reading. Something about some bloke whose sword liked to snack on his
friends when there weren't any enemies handy. I bet she had filched it
from Morgan; it seemed like the sort of trash *he* might consider heavy
reading[^7]."

"No, it's Naomi's," said Samuel. "You should ask Isaac about the
packages he'd send her for her birthday and Winter Solstice."

"Whatever." Annelise stared at the sword. Was its veins pulsing a bit
faster? No, she insisted to herself; she was just being paranoid. It had
to be her imagination. Neverless, she could not keep the question to
herself. "What if that thing could somehow talk back?"

Elisabeth favored her with one of her usual tight smiles. "You think
that possible?"

"After everything I've seen since Isaac put Borgia Pizza out of business
and invited me along on this magical mystery tour? Why the hell not?
Where the hell *is* he, anyway?"

"Right here," said Isaac, stepping out of a dark corner. He considered
the sword in Annelise's hand. "One of Morgan's, is it not?"

The sword fell from her hand as she realized who had just spoken to her.
If not for the rug, its impact might have resounded through the room.
"Sweet holy *shit*. Do you have to keep showing up like that?"

"It would hardly have done to walk in via the front door again. Are you
ready?"

"I had recently asked Annelise if she had thought this through," said
Elisabeth. "I am not yet convinced that she has done so."

"Nor am I," said Samuel. He favored Annelise with a pointed look that he
soon turned on Isaac. "I doubt either of you know Morgan and Naomi as
well as you think you do. Assuming they don't end up imprisoned for the
murder pending a one-way trip for two to Uranus, what's to stop them
from figuring out that you're trying to manipulate them into coming
after Isaac?"

"Does it matter?" Annelise might have been the only human being in the
room, the only one without any sort of extrasensory perception or
preternatural talent, but she was determined that this remain *her*
show. "Even if Morgan figures out that Isaac is yanking his strings, do
you think his pride will allow him to let it go? Especially if the
Phoenix Society throws him under a maglev by exposing all of the wet
work he's done for you as unauthorized and illegal operations? Trust me,
they'll be able to hear him doing an *a capella* cover of 'Screaming for
Vengeance' from one end of the solar system to the other and to hell
with the physics."

"The presence of your guest might complicate matters," said Elisabeth.

"No, it'll make this even better. Just think about it," said Annelise.
"Naomi wakes up the next morning, either on her own or because MEPOL's
just kicked down the door. What do you think she's going to see first?
Morgan's sword driven through Christabel's heart to the hilt, pinning
her to the bed. It's a goddamn Nakajima blade, custom made, and marked
accordingly. No matter how determined she might be to stand by Morgan,
she's gonna wonder if maybe he actually did do the job. Worse, because
it will be obvious that she didn't try to stop him, everybody's going to
think she either stood by and watched him or had her hands on the hilt
alongside his."

Turning to the bed, Annelise brushed aside some of Christabel's chestnut
curls to reveal a faint scar on her neck. "I mean, I don't know how you
managed to produce this double on such short notice, but she's
*perfect*. She's even got that little scar from that time my E string
snapped and cut me while I was recording the second *Shattered
Harmonies* album with Morgan."

A moment's remorse washed over Annelise as she remembered that injury.
Seeing it, Morgan had immediately stopped playing and scrambled to find
a first aid kit. He had insisted on seeing to Christabel, sure that the
cut was worse than it had been. "I still remember how he had freaked out
when he had seen me bleeding. You'd have thought I had been shot."

"He cared about you," said Elisabeth. "He still does. At least, you
should hope he still does; the outcome of this drama you've concocted
with Isaac depends on it. Likewise, it depends on Naomi remaining
generous enough to refrain from writing you off."

"She's here, isn't she?" Isaac made to tousel his daughter's hair for a
moment before withdrawing his hand. "That she is asleep and not sitting
vigil is due to your determination to overcome hers', Ashtoreth."

"Names." It was Annelise who snapped the admonition. "You might recall
that I have Witness Protocol running. Yes, you can have the recordings
doctored, but it's better to avoid the necessity in the first place."

"Who put her in charge of this chickenshit outfit?" Though the words
might have been contemptuous if taken at face value, Samuel had spoken
with amused affection. Her force of personality had gone far toward
making Annelise the partner in this enterprise that she was determined
to be, rather than a mere pawn in Isaac's game.

[^1]: You will not find me named in the *Ars Goetia* or any of the other
    commonly known grimoires, and rather than summoning me with a blood
    sacrifice you could simply send email to
    earth!asgartech!mimir!isaac.magnin. If Mimir can't handle it on my
    behalf, I will get back to you --- an eventuality you might even
    live to regret.

[^2]: This otherwise admirable quality has proven the death of a good
    many Adversaries, but when their deaths come at the hands of my more
    knowledgable enemies, it gives me an excuse to have them
    assassinated rather than giving them a forum with which to expose me
    in the name of due process.

[^3]: MEPOL being the Metropolitan Police of London. Naomi had a bit of
    a history with them as a younger woman; as an Adversary she
    regularly visited to crack down on officers who abused their
    authority. Doubtless somebody there remembers her --- and holds a
    grudge.

[^4]: My fault as usual. One of Morgan's fellow *einherjar* had outlived
    their utility in their current role, and it was necessary to arrange
    suitable circumstances for their apparent demise.

[^5]: This is the problem with Adversaries being attorneys at war.
    Morgan Cooper won't name his sword, but he'll have it engraved with
    some Latin motto once used by a royal family that failed to live up
    to it. Never mind that those facing his blade generally lack
    sufficient education to realize they are being warned that nobody
    attacks Morgan with impunity. It is unfortunate that I can so rarely
    pit him against a better class of criminal but it is hardly my fault
    that gangsters, politicians, and businessmen (but I repeat myself)
    all too often disdain the liberal arts.

[^6]: My fault as usual. One of Morgan's fellow *einherjar* had outlived
    their utility in their current role, and it was necessary to arrange
    suitable circumstances for their apparent demise.

[^7]: This is the problem with Adversaries being attorneys at war.
    Morgan Cooper won't name his sword, but he'll have it engraved with
    some Latin motto once used by a royal family that failed to live up
    to it. Never mind that those facing his blade generally lack
    sufficient education to realize they are being warned that nobody
    attacks Morgan with impunity. It is unfortunate that I can so rarely
    pit him against a better class of criminal but it is hardly my fault
    that gangsters, politicians, and businessmen (but I repeat myself)
    all too often disdain the liberal arts.
