### Imaginos
*Crouch End, Winter Solstice, 23:58 - 100 years after Nationfall*

The clouds looming overhead like a densely packed armada of dirigibles carpet-bombed London with fresh, fluffy snow that crunched beneath the soles of my shoes as I stepped out of my limousine in front of Christabel Crowley’s row house. I had expended considerable effort in reshaping what had begun as a minor weather system likely to give London little more than a dusting. It was rough sorcery, hardly up to my usual exacting standards, but if you know of a wild talent capable of doing better on such short notice please introduce them to me so that I can put them on my payroll — or arrange their disappearance should they prove recalcitrant. 

The storm had been Christabel’s idea. It would have been the perfect night to stage her murder without it, but after the decade of good service she has given me refusing to cater to her taste for drama seemed needlessly churlish. Besides, who doesn’t dream of a white Solstice with every overpriced greeting card they write? Nevertheless, the crimson-tinted blizzard was rather convenient for my purposes. No need to obscure my presence with a more localized bit of thaumaturgy when giving nature a swift kick served my purposes equally well.

It hardly mattered if anybody remained awake at this hour. Neither a constable walking a punishment beat or a child hoping to see a merry madman burglarizing their house in search of sweets would see *me*. Nor would they see my companion. The a pale brunette, a dead ringer for Christabel, lay in my arms deeply asleep wrapped within the white wool greatcoat that matched my double-breasted bespoke suit.

Being a demon — one of the *ensof* if demonology is your field of pedantry[^1] — I hardly needed the coat but it made for good theater. I could hardly play the gallant, dashing tech magnate without wrapping my date in my coat to see her home in comfort.

Light filled the doorway of the house adjacent to Christabel’s as I approached. The golden glow turned the night-darkened door a fierce scarlet that matched the eyes of its owner and that of her father. Though I hid my own lambent eyes behind a cool blue illusion, we were both demifiends and bore the mark of our ancestry. She might have gotten my eyes, but the molten determination with which she faced me despite the hour proved her more her mother’s daughter.

I had not expected Naomi Bradleigh to be home, especially on the Solstice, but I suppose the events that had led me here had proven rather trying for all involved. She had wrapped herself in a thick terrycloth robe, and held a naked sword in her hand. I knew that platinum-veined eigengrau blade of old, forged of a stable transuranic heavy metal not yet given a seat at the periodic table, and it knew *me*. It radiated black menace, a halo of darkness devouring light that should have illuminated its keeper as she pushed aside a cascade of frost-pale hair that the wind had blown in her face with a gesture that left me aching for a moment with the memory of her mother.

“Is that Christabel?” Naomi raised her voice in indignation, heedless of the hour. Perhaps she expected the snowfall to keep her voice from carrying too far. “What did you *do* to her?”

“I’m guilty of nothing more than negligence.” Hardly my first lie to my daughter, and unlikely to be my last — or the least of them. “I had turned my back on her for a moment, and somebody offered her a drink. She had already had a few too many so she didn’t think to test it before tasting.”

“Am I to believe you’re being a gentleman, making sure she gets home safely?” Despite her scorn. or because of it, she still raised her sword slightly and approached. It was not fear that made her shiver, but the now calf-deep snow spilling into her unlaced boots.

“Surely one can be both gentleman and bastard, depending on the situation — or the person.”

Naomi remained silent a moment, her eyes narrowing and the hand with which she gripped her sword clenching tighter. No doubt she was likewise tightening her grip on a temper straining at the leash. “Bastard is hardly the word I would choose when characterizing you, Dr. Magnin. It *is* still Isaac Magnin, is it not? Or will you shed that name as you once shed that of Ian Malkin?”

No doubt I will, but there was no need to tell Naomi that. The names by which she knew me were but the latest in a succession of aliases.

A sudden gust caught the collar of her robe, exposing the Judas medal resting beneath the hollow of her throat for a moment before she pulled it closed again with her free hand. The bronze medallion, embossed with a noose and a coin, marked her as one of the Iscariotine Order, named for a patron saint of traitors venerated only by heretics. It was a constant reminder of the ideals and people she had betrayed in service to *her* notion of the greater good. 

If she were to raise her sword now, she could shatter my avatar, but she would not do that. After all, she thought I had her former bandmate cradled in my arms, and no Adversary worthy of the name would risk harm to an innocent to cut down the guilty[^2]. “Can we continue this inside? You might have noticed that it’s cold outside, and I would hate for you to add frostbite to your list of crimes.”

“I would love to, but I don’t have a key, it would hardly do to rifle her pockets, and you might have noticed that my hands are a bit full.”

This is one of the complicated parts. One of the reasons I had come to stage Christabel’s murder was that she had recently had a catastrophic falling-out with both Naomi and her ex-boyfriend, Morgan Cooper. That she had had a tiff with Naomi was of little consequence; it was hardly the first time that Christabel had taken her role of prima donna rock violinist a bit too far and run afoul of my generally easygoing daughter’s determination to take a stand when it mattered. 

However, I had set Christabel to the task of insinuating herself into Morgan’s life, to watch him when I could not and to subtly shape him into the weapon I needed him to be — the weapon Naomi could never be. As a result, she had encouraged his dreams of rock stardom, dreams I financed through a panoply of shell corporations, and become his manic pixie dream goth, a girlfriend and muse. Together they had recorded a sequel to the rock/classical crossover album that had put her on Morgan’s radar, *Shattered Harmonies*. Together with Naomi, and with Cooper performing as “Morgan Stormrider”[^3], they became the Neo-Romantic heavy metal power trio Crowley’s Thoth.

It had been a convenient cover for a variety of reasons. The non-government organization I had founded during Nationfall, the Phoenix Society, needed a reason to have an Adversary like Morgan bouncing around the world doing dirty work that only an *einherjar* like him could handle. Being an army of one designed to fight false gods, the occasional angel attack was barely a morning workout for him. Likewise the theurgists who attempt to bargain with angels in their lust for ever-greater unearned power[^4].

Nevertheless, the story had grown threadbare and it was time to set the stage for a new act in what was sure to become a rock opera despite my intentions. Christabel had given a bravura performance over the past decade, but she had reached the point where she would either break character or be broken *by* her character and neither outcome suited my purposes. Thus she had made a public spectacle of definitively choosing me over Morgan at this evening’s charity benefit and putting an end to Crowley’s Thoth. It would, however, be awkward if Christabel had already thought to change the locks.

“I’ve asked Wolfgang to talk to Aleister,” said Naomi, referring to her household daemon and Christabel’s respectively. “I suppose Christabel won’t need me to water her plants any longer when she’s away.”

Time to improvise, yet again. Fortunately, the thaumaturgies I had in mind would not require power enough to dim the sun, or cause brownouts as I monopolized the local power grid. The merest trickle of power from a nearby tesla point reserved for public work crews would suffice to short out the electronic locks. Another trickle, and I had gently scrambled Naomi’s short-term memory. She would not remember getting out of bed, finding me at her doorstep, or trying to let me into Christabel’s house. At least, she wouldn’t until some of her old friends at MEPOL[^5] rousted her out of bed and arrested her as a suspect in the murder I was about to stage.

It was time for a bit of a charm offensive. “Would you kindly get the door? The lock is sorted, but I’d hate to knock Christabel’s head against the doorframe. The poor dear’s likely to wake up with a splitting headache as it is and she hardly needs a concussion in the bargain.”

“More of your magic?” She glared at me a moment, dismissing the trademark smile I had practiced for occasions when I had done something too clever to explain to mere mortals. No doubt she remembered our little heart-to-heart in Clarion, and my emphatic demonstration of the consequences of self-righteous idealism should she not choose the sensible course of silence. She raised her sword a little, as if she wanted to brandish it at me but did not quite dare. “Never mind. I would rather you didn’t explain it. I’d rather just make sure you get Christabel to bed and then fuck off so that I can go back to sleep and pretend this was all just an especially crap dream.”

With that, she let me into Christabel’s house. Though I had expected her to close the door behind me, she followed me. Through the front hallway and up two flights of stairs I led her, all the while feeling not only her sword’s craving to rend me asunder but her determination to foil whatever nastiness I had in mind. People think so loudly sometimes, especially when their emotions run strong, that *ensof* like me can read and interpret the electrochemical activity of their conscious thoughts and internal monologue in a process akin to Van Eck phreaking[^6].

[^1]:	You will not find me named in the *Ars Goetia* or any of the other commonly known grimoires, and rather than summoning me with a blood sacrifice you could simply send email to earth!asgartech!mimir!isaac.magnin. If Mimir can’t handle it on my behalf, I will get back to you — an eventuality you might even live to regret.

[^2]:	This otherwise admirable quality has proven the death of a good many Adversaries, but when their deaths come at the hands of my more knowledgable enemies, it gives me an excuse to have them assassinated rather than giving them a forum with which to expose me in the name of due process.

[^3]:	A ridiculous stage name, and hardly my idea, but Christabel had orders to make Morgan as miserable as possible without being so egregiously abusive that he might come to his senses, realize that his friends were right, and dump her.

[^4]:	If none of this makes sense, just mark the page and come back to it later. It will eventually prove relevant. If by some misfortune this makes its way into a history class, there will doubtless be a quiz.

[^5]:	MEPOL being the Metropolitan Police of London. Naomi had a bit of a history with them as a younger woman; as an Adversary she regularly visited to crack down on officers who abused their authority. Doubtless somebody there remembers her — and holds a grudge.

[^6]:	It isn’t quite telepathy, since it’s strictly one-way communication. I might know what you’re thinking, but I cannot directly plant thoughts in your mind. That’s why I keep a public relations firm on retainer.
