### Annelise
*Crouch End, 22 December, 01:30 - 100 years after Nationfall*

It was strange to be a ghost in one's own home, but had it ever been Annelise Copeland's in the first place? She considered the backdrop of the life she had lived for the past decade. From the shelves of books she had only skimmed to the framed posters of silent Expressionist films through which she had fast-forwarded, none of it was to her taste; they had merely been useful props. Like the violin she had learned to play, they were the whole cloth out of which a method actor fashioned the character they played. They were *de rigeur* for somebody like Christabel Crowley, a bohemian sort who had adopted her alliterative alias to hide posh origins that natives of her chosen milieu found unsavory.

Distinguishing between Christabel's perceptions of the world and her own required a dual consciousness that Annelise had once thought impossible in her youthful naivety. It was hard enough being oneself. It had often seemed to her that few dared attempt it, and fewer still succeeded. Still more difficult was the work of keeping that true self from being crushed beneath the weight of a long-cultivated persona.

Tonight would be Christabel's curtain call and her own rebirth. It would be her first step away from the insanity that had nibbled at the edges of her world ever since had allowed a honey-tongued sorcerer in white to intrigue her. It was, now that she thought of it, a step long overdue; she had reached the point where she needed to break character before her character broke her.

Concealed by the arts of one of his fellow magi, she watched as Isaac Magnin laid a doppelgänger of the woman she had been on Christabel's bed and tenderly tucked her in. Her neighbor and former bandmate Naomi Bradleigh followed close behind, a naked sword in hand as if she suspected foul play or its imminence. Rather than leaving with Isaac, Naomi had settled into Annelise's favorite armchair with that queer platinum-veined sword across her lap.

"That certainly took longer than I might have preferred," said Elisabeth Bathory as she stepped from the shadows, her contralto whisper full of the last somnolent notes of her witches' lullaby. Naomi had fought it valiantly, jerking awake after dozing and glancing about several times, but finally yielded to the ensof's will.

Samuel Terell gently tucked an errant lock of Elisabeth's midnight hair behind her ear as he too emerged to consider the tableau before them. "Do you suppose Ms. Bradleigh possessed some innate resistance to your workings?"

"I wouldn't dismiss the possibility," said Elisabeth. "But if that were the case, Samuel, she might have resisted your thaumaturgies as well. I suspect she was merely determined to remain awake and watch over Christabel."

[]: "When you told Isaac that you had had enough and wanted out, but wanted to make as memorable an exit as possible, you presented him with a challenge he couldn't resist."

Annelise glanced toward Naomi, who remained asleep. "Should we be talking? What if she hears us?"

Samuel's reply came in a clipped tone. "I have been a spy, a smuggler, an assassin, and a journalist. I know a few things about concealment."

Putting Samuel's boast to the test, Annelise slowly opened the closet door. It was still mostly full; nothing remained that she had wanted to take with her. Furthermore, emptying the closet might lead anybody investigating the scene to suspect that there was more to the story than they were supposed to see, a deeper truth to be read between the lines. Shoving aside a succession of dresses and gowns she had only worn once a year, she reached into a dark corner and retrieved a short sword in a lacquered scabbard.

Slowly drawing the sword, she admired its rippled steel in the soft lamplight. Morgan had left the weapon here intentionally, sure that it might prove useful if somebody broke in. That had never happened; now Annelise had kept the weapon because selling it or giving it away would have raised suspicion. It was a Nakajima blade, custom work easily identified by those with an eye for swords and access to the network; now it would be the key that unlocked her prison.

If only she could plunge it into Christabel's breast herself, but that would hardly do. She would be incriminating herself and rendering pointless the entire exercise. Instead, it would be Isaac who struck the fatal blow. With Aleister shut down, there would be no recording of the deed, nothing to guide investigators but whatever circumstantial evidence her patron chose to arrange.

It was clear, however, that the script for this final act in the life of Christabel Crowley was not to Elisabeth's taste. "Annelise, are you sure you've thought this through?"

"It's a bit late to suggest that you have a better idea," said Annelise, indicating the sleeping double.

"Christabel can still die. Need it be by Morgan's hand? Isaac has already established that she had had too much to drink earlier tonight, and had subsequently been drugged. It would be a simple enough matter to make it appear that she had overdosed and expired in her sleep."

It was an idea Annelise had already considered and discarded. "It's a bit late for me to join the twenty-seven club."

"So, you *want* to frame Morgan for your murder, and possibly drag Naomi into it as an accessory. Is this a matter of vengeance?"

That was a question with which Annelise had wrestled ever since Morgan had gone haring off to Shenzhen[^5] a couple of nights before the semiannual Solstice Pops concert at the Royal Albert Hall. He had returned barely in time to join Crowley's Thoth on stage and had been in full uniform, disheveled, and still stinking of violence. That had been the final straw. She had begged Isaac to accelerate the plan. It was only fitting; Winter Solstice was the perfect night for murder. "I've had my fill of revenge. The look on Morgan's face when I ended the band was priceless."

Glancing at Naomi, who remained asleep, Annelise lowered her voice. "He would have dumped me and quit years ago if not for Naomi. Crowley's Thoth wouldn't have become what it was without her, and he didn't want it to be yet another band that had imploded around her."



It was a fair question; she had only found the nerve to suggest it the night before when she had begged Isaac to drop everything and come to London in time to escort her to the Winter Solstice charity gala that followed the annual Winter Pops concert at the Royal Albert Hall. She had finally reached the limit of her patience because Morgan had gone haring off to Shenzhen[^5] to do some wet work in the middle of their rehearsals two days before, and had not returned until it was time for Crowley's Thoth to take the stage. Making matters worse, he had taken the stage in full uniform, shattering the pretense that the Adversary and the rock star were two different men. 

"He's a monster pretending to be a man," Annelise had said when appealing to Isaac, "and I can't keep lying to myself and pretending that I don't see the monster when he's standing before me reeking of somebody else's blood, ozone, and God knows what else."

Rather than immediately answer Elisabeth's question, she turned toward Samuel. "If I open my closet, can you muffle that?"

His first response was a derisive snort. "Easily enough, but aren't you already packed?"

Rather than answer, Annelise put Samuel's boast to the test. The bedroom closet was still mostly full; there was nothing in there that she had wanted to take with her, and she had packed light lest an investigator suspect there was more to the scene than met the eye. In a dark corner, however, rested one thing she meant to use but not to take with her. She grasped the lacquered scabbard and brought it into the light.

"That's one of Morgan's swords," said Elisabeth.

"He left it here a few years ago. In case there was a break-in and I needed to protect myself. Never mind that all I knew of swordfighting was that holding the sharp end was the other bastard's job and I had no intention of learning more."

Both Elisabeth and Samuel favored her with sharp glances; they were well aware that Isaac had insisted that she learn more than that. She put the lie to her own words by drawing the blade with practiced ease. It was a shorter blade, meant more for fighting indoors in tight spaces. Her grip was firm and her arm steady as she watched the light play along the ripples in the steel. "You wanted to know if I had thought this through? I've been thinking it through for the last year or so."

"Have you?"

Annelise pointed the sword at Christabel, who remained asleep. "I can't have my life back until *she* is dead. Morgan won't become what Isaac needs him to be as long as he can play rockstar with me and Naomi. Using this sword will implicate him and drag into the light all of the crimes he committed on the Phoenix Society's behalf. I just wish I could fake his fingerprints and Naomi's so that it looks like they murdered Christabel together."

«Leave Naomi out of this, bitch.»

The threat came to Annelise through her implant as an anonymous text message. "Somebody just threatened me via text."

"That seems unlikely," said Samuel. "The concealment I worked also blocks radio transmissions. The sender would have to be inside the affected area."

Annelise glanced at the sword in Naomi's lap. It had always given her the creeps, for she had never seen a sword made of eigengrau crystal with platinum veins. Worse, the veins seemed to slowly pulse as if alive and only temporarily quiescent. When she had mentioned it to Isaac, he had given her a cryptic warning about a pulp author having stumbled upon a fragment of the truth without realizing it and incorporating it into his fiction. "Naomi talks to that thing. She *reads* to it at night sometimes."

"How would you know that?" Elisabeth glanced at Naomi, who remained asleep. "I doubt she flaunts such peculiarities in public when she is almost as invested as maintaining a facade of mundane humanity as Morgan."

"I was sharing a room with her on tour because Morgan and I were on the outs and I didn't want to waste money on a room of my own. I woke up at zero dark thirty and found her reading to the damn thing. After she put it away and ducked into the loo I got a look at the book she was reading. Something about some bloke whose sword liked to snack on his friends when there weren't any enemies handy. I bet she had filched it from Morgan; it seemed like the sort of trash *he* might consider heavy reading[^6]."

"No, it's Naomi's," said Samuel. "You should ask Isaac about the packages he'd send her for her birthday and Winter Solstice."

"Whatever." Annelise stared at the sword. Was its veins pulsing a bit faster? No, she insisted to herself; she was just being paranoid. It had to be her imagination. Neverless, she could not keep the question to herself. "What if that thing could somehow talk back?"

Elisabeth favored her with one of her usual tight smiles. "You think that possible?"

"After everything I've seen since Isaac put Borgia Pizza out of business and invited me along on this magical mystery tour? Why the hell not? Where the hell *is* he, anyway?"

"Right here," said Isaac, stepping out of a dark corner. He considered the sword in Annelise's hand. "One of Morgan's, is it not?"

The sword fell from her hand as she realized who had just spoken to her. If not for the rug, its impact might have resounded through the room. "Sweet holy *shit*. Do you have to keep showing up like that?"

"It would hardly have done to walk in via the front door again. Are you ready?"

"I had recently asked Annelise if she had thought this through," said Elisabeth. "I am not yet convinced that she has done so."

"Nor am I," said Samuel. He favored Annelise with a pointed look that he soon turned on Isaac. "I doubt either of you know Morgan and Naomi as well as you think you do. Assuming they don't end up imprisoned for the murder pending a one-way trip for two to Uranus, what's to stop them from figuring out that you're trying to manipulate them into coming after Isaac?"

"Does it matter?" Annelise might have been the only human being in the room, the only one without any sort of extrasensory perception or preternatural talent, but she was determined that this remain *her* show. "Even if Morgan figures out that Isaac is yanking his strings, do you think his pride will allow him to let it go? Especially if the Phoenix Society throws him under a maglev by exposing all of the wet work he's done for you as unauthorized and illegal operations? Trust me, they'll be able to hear him doing an *a capella* cover of 'Screaming for Vengeance' from one end of the solar system to the other and to hell with the physics."

"The presence of your guest might complicate matters," said Elisabeth.

"No, it'll make this even better. Just think about it," said Annelise. "Naomi wakes up the next morning, either on her own or because MEPOL's just kicked down the door. What do you think she's going to see first? Morgan's sword driven through Christabel's heart to the hilt, pinning her to the bed. It's a goddamn Nakajima blade, custom made, and marked accordingly. No matter how determined she might be to stand by Morgan, she's gonna wonder if maybe he actually did do the job. Worse, because it will be obvious that she didn't try to stop him, everybody's going to think she either stood by and watched him or had her hands on the hilt alongside his."

Turning to the bed, Annelise brushed aside some of Christabel's chestnut curls to reveal a faint scar on her neck. "I mean, I don't know how you managed to produce this double on such short notice, but she's *perfect*. She's even got that little scar from that time my E string snapped and cut me while I was recording the second *Shattered Harmonies* album with Morgan."

A moment's remorse washed over Annelise as she remembered that injury. Seeing it, Morgan had immediately stopped playing and scrambled to find a first aid kit. He had insisted on seeing to Christabel, sure that the cut was worse than it had been. "I still remember how he had freaked out when he had seen me bleeding. You'd have thought I had been shot."

"He cared about you," said Elisabeth. "He still does. At least, you should hope he still does; the outcome of this drama you've concocted with Isaac depends on it. Likewise, it depends on Naomi remaining generous enough to refrain from writing you off."

"She's here, isn't she?" Isaac made to tousel his daughter's hair for a moment before withdrawing his hand. "That she is asleep and not sitting vigil is due to your determination to overcome hers', Ashtoreth."

"Names." It was Annelise who snapped the admonition. "You might recall that I have Witness Protocol running. Yes, you can have the recordings doctored, but it's better to avoid the necessity in the first place."

"Who put her in charge of this chickenshit outfit?" Though the words might have been contemptuous if taken at face value, Samuel had spoken with amused affection. Her force of personality had gone far toward making Annelise the partner in this enterprise that she was determined to be, rather than a mere pawn in Isaac's game.
