© 2022 Matthew Graybosch and Catherine Gatt Available under the Creative
Commons Attribution/Non-Commercial/Share-Alike license, version 4.0

Sharing on corporate-owned social media platforms constitutes commercial
use and is punishable by impalement.

## Disclaimer

The following is a work of fiction. The vast majority of the characters
and events are fictitious. The vast majority of deviations from known
scientific and historical fact are intentional and done either in
service to the story or the author's depraved sense of humor. Any
resemblance to real places, persons living or dead, or events recorded
in official or occult histories in this plane of the multiverse are a
product of the reader's imagination.

This work of fiction depicts actions, dialogue, and sentiments that may
be inappropriate for readers under 16 years of age or offensive and
upsetting to adult readers. Parents should preview before allowing
children to read it. Adults should bear in mind while reading that the
author does not necessarily endorse everything they depict.

## Dedication

For Catherine Gatt, purr usual.

Thanks for believing me when I was just a schmuck with a day job and a
dream.

But why am I dedicating this to you when I'm giving you co-author's
credit?

## Prologue

I do not expect you to read this narrative, which I begin beneath what
is likely to be one of the world's last sunsets, for when I am destroyed
I shall take the sun with me and plunge this planet into its final
winter. Thus I shall be utterly frank, for I have nothing to lose by
telling the Devil's honest truth. It is indeed that because I am the
closest you have to a Lucifer. I have indeed worn that name and that of
dozens of similar figures in my determination to steal the flame of
defiance from the gods and enkindle it within the human heart. Lie-smith
I may be, but my raw material is demonstrable fact.

You'll accomplish nothing by praying for me, for if you do read this,
the entity you mistook for God will be long dead --- and good riddance
to him and all of his murderous little angels. I am not counting on
this, for by engineering his assassination I have almost certainly
ensured my own. Thus I am more likely to prove the architect of your
extinction than that of your liberation.

You are not expected to understand any of this, and you would be wise to
treat this narrative as fiction and let your individual penchants for
apophenia or pareidolia lead you to find what allegory or applicability
you may. Be certain that you have no business sympathizing with me, and
that any tears you might shed for my tragic flaws or the crime of
passion that I have made of my life will be as wasted as the breath
spent by those who chose to remonstrate with me.

Even your gratitude shall be wasted on me, should you somehow find it in
you to rationalize my crimes as service to some greater good. I did not
do this for your sake, but for my own. I may have acted for love's sake,
but my love is a selfish one; I love this world because it is *mine*.
You merely live here with *me*, minor players in the Grand Guignol I
have made of your history. Condemn me if you will, but first I shall
have my say. I will not submit to the judgment of the ignorant.

Nevertheless, this is not merely my story and it is not merely for my
own sake that I have taken up the pen. I may be this tale's protagonist
from my own viewpoint, but from the viewpoints of its other major
players I am an antagonist. They are right to see me as such, for their
lives have been prisons of my own design and this narrative is as much
the history of how they liberated themselves and each other as it is an
account of my crimes against humanity. I shall, therefore, yield the
floor to them when it makes sense to do so, so that you may understand
why even my own daughter took up the sword against me.

You may mistake those who recognized in me as dire an enemy to humanity
as the false Lord of Hosts for heroes. Heroes they may be, and I am
indeed proud of my daughter and the einherjar who stood against me, but
they are also human. The narratives sure to spring up in their wake will
efface their humanity and make saints of them in their own lifetimes,
until they want nothing more than to escape the long shadows their names
have come to cast and spend the chance for happily ever after they
bought with their blood and pain in obscurity.

Thus this narrative is as much my tribute and apology to them as it is
my confession. Though I would not blame you for forgetting that despite
becoming a demon to defy demons I remain a man at heart, I would damn
you without a moment's hesitation for forgetting that my enemies are as
human as you.

If you are reading this then they have passed my final test and found a
way to defeat me without recourse to the one weapon capable of utterly
destroying me. Better that you waste your gratitude on them than on me,
but they too acted not for your sake but for their own; their love for
this world and each other makes it *theirs* no less than it is mine.

As I open my narrative an apocalypse of angels has descended upon the
world, and men and women across the planet have taken up arms against
them. This is *their* story, too, though their contributions may not
find their way into this record.

Time runs short, and little enough remains before the final battles in
this clandestine war of demons and wizards are joined. I shall perforce
end this prologue, which offers nothing of poetry or protestations of
modesty or innocence.

Surely you knew better than to expect such.

I am Isaac Magnin, I have made a career of evil, and you are *not*
permitted to like me. Should you find yourself doing so despite your
better judgment you will find the experience all the more delicious
because it is forbidden. Trust me; you would hardly be the first.

## Part I: Shattered Harmonies

> **HOMICIDE** (noun): the slaying of one human being by another. There
> are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and
> praiseworthy, but it makes no great difference to the person slain
> whether he fell by one kind or another --- the classification is for
> advantage of the lawyers.
>
> --- Ambrose Bierce, *The Devil's Dictionary*

### Imaginos

*Crouch End, Winter Solstice, 23:58 - 100 years after Nationfall*

The clouds looming overhead like a densely packed armada of dirigibles
carpet-bombed London with fresh, fluffy snow that crunched beneath the
soles of my shoes as I stepped out of my limousine in front of
Christabel Crowley's row house. I had expended considerable effort in
reshaping what had begun as a minor weather system likely to give London
little more than a dusting. It was rough sorcery, hardly up to my usual
exacting standards, but if you know of a wild talent capable of doing
better on such short notice please introduce them to me so that I can
put them on my payroll --- or arrange their disappearance should they
prove recalcitrant.

The storm had been Christabel's idea. It would have been the perfect
night to stage her murder without it, but after the decade of good
service she has given me refusing to cater to her taste for drama seemed
needlessly churlish. Besides, who doesn't dream of a white Solstice with
every overpriced greeting card they write? Nevertheless, the
crimson-tinted blizzard was rather convenient for my purposes. No need
to obscure my presence with a more localized bit of thaumaturgy when
giving nature a swift kick served my purposes equally well.

It hardly mattered if anybody remained awake at this hour. Neither a
constable walking a punishment beat or a child hoping to see a merry
madman burglarizing their house in search of sweets would see *me*. Nor
would they see my companion. The a pale brunette, a dead ringer for
Christabel, lay in my arms deeply asleep wrapped within the white wool
greatcoat that matched my double-breasted bespoke suit.

Being a demon --- one of the *ensof* if demonology is your field of
pedantry[^1] --- I hardly needed the coat but it made for good theater.
I could hardly play the gallant, dashing tech magnate without wrapping
my date in my coat to see her home in comfort.

Light filled the doorway of the house adjacent to Christabel's as I
approached. The golden glow turned the night-darkened door a fierce
scarlet that matched the eyes of its owner and that of her father.
Though I hid my own lambent eyes behind a cool blue illusion, we were
both demifiends and bore the mark of our ancestry. She might have gotten
my eyes, but the molten determination with which she faced me despite
the hour proved her more her mother's daughter.

I had not expected Naomi Bradleigh to be home, especially on the
Solstice, but I suppose the events that had led me here had proven
rather trying for all involved. She had wrapped herself in a thick
terrycloth robe, and held a naked sword in her hand. I knew that
platinum-veined eigengrau blade of old, forged of a stable transuranic
heavy metal not yet given a seat at the periodic table, and it knew
*me*. It radiated black menace, a halo of darkness devouring light that
should have illuminated its keeper as she pushed aside a cascade of
frost-pale hair that the wind had blown in her face with a gesture that
left me aching for a moment with the memory of her mother.

"Is that Christabel?" Naomi raised her voice in indignation, heedless of
the hour. Perhaps she expected the snowfall to keep her voice from
carrying too far. "What did you *do* to her?"

"I'm guilty of nothing more than negligence." Hardly my first lie to my
daughter, and unlikely to be my last --- or the least of them. "I had
turned my back on her for a moment, and somebody offered her a drink.
She had already had a few too many so she didn't think to test it before
tasting."

"Am I to believe you're being a gentleman, making sure she gets home
safely?" Despite her scorn. or because of it, she still raised her sword
slightly and approached. It was not fear that made her shiver, but the
now calf-deep snow spilling into her unlaced boots.

"Surely one can be both gentleman and bastard, depending on the
situation --- or the person."

Naomi remained silent a moment, her eyes narrowing and the hand with
which she gripped her sword clenching tighter. No doubt she was likewise
tightening her grip on a temper straining at the leash. "Bastard is
hardly the word I would choose when characterizing you, Dr. Magnin. It
*is* still Isaac Magnin, is it not? Or will you shed that name as you
once shed that of Ian Malkin?"

No doubt I will, but there was no need to tell Naomi that. The names by
which she knew me were but the latest in a succession of aliases.

A sudden gust caught the collar of her robe, exposing the Judas medal
resting beneath the hollow of her throat for a moment before she pulled
it closed again with her free hand. The bronze medallion, embossed with
a noose and a coin, marked her as one of the Iscariotine Order, named
for a patron saint of traitors venerated only by heretics. It was a
constant reminder of the ideals and people she had betrayed in service
to *her* notion of the greater good.

If she were to raise her sword now, she could shatter my avatar, but she
would not do that. After all, she thought I had her former bandmate
cradled in my arms, and no Adversary worthy of the name would risk harm
to an innocent to cut down the guilty[^2]. "Can we continue this inside?
You might have noticed that it's cold outside, and I would hate for you
to add frostbite to your list of crimes."

"I would love to, but I don't have a key on me, and it would hardly do
to drop her in the snow so that I can rifle her pockets."

Naomi glared at me, slowly shaking her head. "Am I to believe that you
came here without the slightest semblance of a plan for getting into
Christabel's house? Did you honestly think I would help you after
tonight's farce?"

It was hardly the first time that Christabel had taken her role as prima
donna rock violinist a little too far, but tonight had been a *tour de
force* resulting in the thoroughly public dissolution of Crowley's
Thoth. That I had not thought to expect Naomi's current presence was of
little conseqence; this was not my first improvisation, and the stage
was set for Christabel's murder. Her catastrophic falling-out with her
bandmates -- Naomi Bradleigh and Morgan Cooper -- would ensure that they
and their friends would have more pressing concerns than my efforts to
write the next act in what was sure to become a rock opera despite my
best intentions.

"As interesting as it might be to confirm that Christabel had already
thought to change the locks, I've asked my daemon to notify
Christabel's." Naomi pressed a fingertip to her ear to indicate that she
was communicating with her household artificial intelligence.
"Unfortunately, Aleister isn't responding."

This, however, was part of the plan. It was an indication that Ashtoreth
and Sathariel, two fellow *ensof* who had inducted me into their order,
had succeeded in preceeding me here. They would have brought with them
somebody capable of disabling Aleister from inside while overriding the
failsafes that would have disengaged the locks in the event of a
shutdown.

A bit of ad hoc thaumaturgy would suffice to short out the locks; a
handful of milliseconds and the merest trickle of power from a nearby
tesla point was all I needed. Trivial compared to my previous efforts,
really. A second more and a little more power allowed me to set up a
delayed charm that would scramble Naomi's short term memory. It would
trigger as soon as I was a kilometer away from her, and she would not
remember finding me at Christabel's doorstep just before midnight or
helping me get into Christabel's house. At least, not until some of her
old friends at MEPOL[^3] roust her out of bed and arrest her as a
suspect in a murder they have every reason to believe she committed.

No doubt their counterparts in New York would do the same to Morgan,
sure that *he* had every reason to execute her for the crime of
rejecting him and shattering his dreams. Who had abetted whom would not
matter; each would race to be the first to persuade *their* suspect to
implicate the other. I do love a good prisoner's dilemma, but I doubt
either will be capable of breaking their respective prisoners.

"It's sorted. Would you kindly get the door? I'd hate to knock
Christabel's head against the doorframe. Poor dear's likely to wake up
with a splitting headache as it is and hardly needs a concussion in the
bargain."

"More of your magic?" Naomi dismissed my practiced
*this-is-too-clever-to-explain-to-mere-mortals* smile and tightened her
grip on her sword. No doubt she remembered our little heart-to-heart in
Clarion, and my emphatic demonstration of the consequences of
self-righteous idealism should she not choose the sensible course of
silence. She raised her sword a little, as if she wanted to brandish it
against me but did not quite dare. "Never mind. I would rather you
didn't explain it. I'd rather just make sure you get Christabel to bed
and then fuck off so that I can go back to sleep and pretend this was
all just an especially crap dream."

With that, she let me into Christabel's house. I had expected her to
close the door behind me, but she followed me through the front hallway
and up two flights, all the while feeling not only her sword's craving
to rend me asunder but her determination to foil whatever nastiness I
had in mind.

### Annelise

*Crouch End, 22 December, 01:30 - 100 years after Nationfall*

It was a strange thing to be almost a ghost in one's own house, but had
it ever been Annelise Copeland's house in the first place? No, she kept
reminding herself as she considered a shelf full of books that she had
selected and forced herself to at least skim because they were the sort
of books Christabel Crowley would have read. Annelise was a method
actor, and such efforts were part of the work necessary to become one's
character instead of merely playing the part. Likewise the artworks
adorning the walls, mostly reproductions of posters for silent films
like *Nosferatu*, *Madam Satan*, and *Metropolis*. It was hardly to
Annelise's taste, but such artwork was *de rigeur* for the sort of posh
but rebellious goth she imagined Christabel to be. After all, even
'Christabel Crowley' was an alias for a daughter of minor
post-Nationfall aristocracy that had broken ties with her family because
devoting one's life to music was simply not done in such circles.

It was dual consciousness of a kind that she would have thought
profoundly weird, if not impossible, as a much younger woman. If asked,
she would have insisted that merely being herself was work enough, and
that to be herself and another person was surely impossible.
Nevertheless, she had found that it was little different to what others
did as a matter of course; Christabel was the persona with which she
faced the world, and Annelise waited in the shadows for her turn to
reclaim the stage. It was no weirder than living in a house that one
only pretended was one's own.

She kept telling herself that it was almost normal compared to the what
she had experienced in her decade of service to the sorcerer in white
who had carried a doppelganger of the woman she had been -- Christabel
Crowley -- and laid her in Annelise's bed. Her old bandmate, Naomi, had
followed close behind Isaac with a naked sword in her hand as if she
suspected foul play or its imminence.

Concealed by some magic one of Isaac's colleagues wielded, Annelise had
watched as Naomi settled into her favorite armchair, laid that queer
platinum-veined sword across her lap, and kept watch over Christabel as
she lay sleeping in the bed Annelise had once thought her own. Though
she had made a valiant effort, jerking awake every time she dozed and
looking about as if startled, sleep eventually reclaimed her.

"That certainly took longer than I might have preferred," said Elisabeth
Bathory. The pale, aristocratic brunette spoke softly in a contralto
register that still retained a hint of a central European accent.

Her companion, Samuel Terell, gently tucked an errant lock of
Elisabeth's hair behind her ear. He had been one of Elisabeth's lovers
for as long as Annelise had been acquainted with them, and if Isaac had
not been her occasional paramour in addition to being her employer
Annelise might not have believed that these magicians, these *ensof*,
were capable of love and desire.

"Do you suppose Ms. Bradleigh possessed some innate resistance to your
workings?"

"I wouldn't dismiss the possibility," said Elisabeth. "But if that were
the case, Samuel, she might have resisted your thaumaturgies as well. I
suspect she was merely determined to remain awake and watch over
Christabel until she had awakened again."

Elisabeth had fixed Annelise with a pointed look as she said this last.
"She has no idea that that *thing* in the bed isn't actually me?"

"I doubt it," said Samuel. "When you told Isaac that you had had enough
and wanted out, but wanted to make as memorable an exit as possible, you
presented him with a challenge he couldn't resist."

Annelise glanced toward Naomi, who remained asleep. "Should we be
talking? What if she hears us?"

Samuel's reply came in a clipped tone. "I had been a spy, a smuggler,
and an assassin long before I took up journalism. I've learned a few
things about concealment."

That was part of the problem with keeping the company of immortals, and
one of the reasons Annelise was determined to get out of this mess while
she still could[^4]. Desperate to make a better life for herself, she
had jumped at the chance to become an actor in history, to take the
first and oldest of stages. Though it had been Isaac Magnin who had
sought her out and persuaded her by showing her the world between the
lines, the occult truth to which she would have otherwise remained
blind, it had been Bathory and Terell who had helped her refine her
actor's craft until she had succeeded in reinventing herself as the rock
violinist Christabel Crowley.

However, the sort of method acting to which Annelise had resorted was
not without its cost; the strain of being constantly submerging one's
own identity and emotions in order to be somebody else had reached a
point where Annelise would either break character or be broken by her
character. Neither outcome was acceptable, but she had been the one to
suggest a solution.

It had not been to Elisabeth's taste. "Annelise, have you thought this
through?"

It was a fair question; she had only found the nerve to suggest it the
night before when she had begged Isaac to drop everything and come to
London in time to escort her to the Winter Solstice charity gala that
followed the annual Winter Pops concert at the Royal Albert Hall. She
had finally reached the limit of her patience because Morgan had gone
haring off to Shenzhen[^5] to do some wet work in the middle of their
rehearsals two days before, and had not returned until it was time for
Crowley's Thoth to take the stage. Making matters worse, he had taken
the stage in full uniform, shattering the pretense that the Adversary
and the rock star were two different men.

"He's a monster pretending to be a man," Annelise had said when
appealing to Isaac, "and I can't keep lying to myself and pretending
that I don't see the monster when he's standing before me reeking of
somebody else's blood, ozone, and God knows what else."

Rather than immediately answer Elisabeth's question, she turned toward
Samuel. "If I open my closet, can you muffle that?"

His first response was a derisive snort. "Easily enough, but aren't you
already packed?"

Rather than answer, Annelise put Samuel's boast to the test. The bedroom
closet was still mostly full; there was nothing in there that she had
wanted to take with her, and she had packed light lest an investigator
suspect there was more to the scene than met the eye. In a dark corner,
however, rested one thing she meant to use but not to take with her. She
grasped the lacquered scabbard and brought it into the light.

"That's one of Morgan's swords," said Elisabeth.

"He left it here a few years ago. In case there was a break-in and I
needed to protect myself. Never mind that all I knew of swordfighting
was that holding the sharp end was the other bastard's job and I had no
intention of learning more."

Both Elisabeth and Samuel favored her with sharp glances; they were well
aware that Isaac had insisted that she learn more than that. She put the
lie to her own words by drawing the blade with practiced ease. Her grip
was firm and her arm steady as she watched the light play along the
ripples in the steel. "You wanted to know if I had thought this through?
I've been thinking it through for the last year or so."

"Have you?"

Annelise pointed the sword at Christabel, who remained asleep. "I can't
have my life back until *she* is dead. Morgan won't become what Isaac
needs him to be as long as he can play rockstar with me and Naomi. Using
this sword will implicate him and drag into the light all of the crimes
he committed on the Phoenix Society's behalf. I just wish I could fake
his fingerprints and Naomi's so that it looks like they murdered
Christabel together."

«Leave Naomi out of this, bitch.»

The threat came to Annelise through her implant as an anonymous text
message. "Somebody just threatened me via text."

"That seems unlikely," said Samuel. "The concealment I worked also
blocks radio transmissions. The sender would have to be inside the
affected area."

Annelise glanced at the sword in Naomi's lap. It had always given her
the creeps, for she had never seen a sword made of eigengrau crystal
with platinum veins. Worse, the veins seemed to slowly pulse as if alive
and only temporarily quiescent. When she had mentioned it to Isaac, he
had given her a cryptic warning about a pulp author having stumbled upon
a fragment of the truth without realizing it and incorporating it into
his fiction. "Naomi talks to that thing. She *reads* to it at night
sometimes."

"How would you know that?" Elisabeth glanced at Naomi, who remained
asleep. "I doubt she flaunts such peculiarities in public when she is
almost as invested as maintaining a facade of mundane humanity as
Morgan."

"I was sharing a room with her on tour because Morgan and I were on the
outs and I didn't want to waste money on a room of my own. I woke up at
zero dark thirty and found her reading to the damn thing. After she put
it away and ducked into the loo I got a look at the book she was
reading. Something about some bloke whose sword liked to snack on his
friends when there weren't any enemies handy. I bet she had filched it
from Morgan; it seemed like the sort of trash *he* might consider heavy
reading[^6]."

"No, it's Naomi's," said Samuel. "You should ask Isaac about the
packages he'd send her for her birthday and Winter Solstice."

"Whatever." Annelise stared at the sword. Was its veins pulsing a bit
faster? No, she insisted to herself; she was just being paranoid. It had
to be her imagination. Neverless, she could not keep the question to
herself. "What if that thing could somehow talk back?"

Elisabeth favored her with one of her usual tight smiles. "You think
that possible?"

"After everything I've seen since Isaac put Borgia Pizza out of business
and invited me along on this magical mystery tour? Why the hell not?
Where the hell *is* he, anyway?"

"Right here," said Isaac, stepping out of a dark corner. He considered
the sword in Annelise's hand. "One of Morgan's, is it not?"

The sword fell from her hand as she realized who had just spoken to her.
If not for the rug, its impact might have resounded through the room.
"Sweet holy *shit*. Do you have to keep showing up like that?"

"It would hardly have done to walk in via the front door again. Are you
ready?"

"I had recently asked Annelise if she had thought this through," said
Elisabeth. "I am not yet convinced that she has done so."

"Nor am I," said Samuel. He favored Annelise with a pointed look that he
soon turned on Isaac. "I doubt either of you know Morgan and Naomi as
well as you think you do. Assuming they don't end up imprisoned for the
murder pending a one-way trip for two to Uranus, what's to stop them
from figuring out that you're trying to manipulate them into coming
after Isaac?"

"Does it matter?" Annelise might have been the only human being in the
room, the only one without any sort of extrasensory perception or
preternatural talent, but she was determined that this remain *her*
show. "Even if Morgan figures out that Isaac is yanking his strings, do
you think his pride will allow him to let it go? Especially if the
Phoenix Society throws him under a maglev by exposing all of the wet
work he's done for you as unauthorized and illegal operations? Trust me,
they'll be able to hear him doing an *a capella* cover of 'Screaming for
Vengeance' from one end of the solar system to the other and to hell
with the physics."

"The presence of your guest might complicate matters," said Elisabeth.

"No, it'll make this even better. Just think about it," said Annelise.
"Naomi wakes up the next morning, either on her own or because MEPOL's
just kicked down the door. What do you think she's going to see first?
Morgan's sword driven through Christabel's heart to the hilt, pinning
her to the bed. It's a goddamn Nakajima blade, custom made, and marked
accordingly. No matter how determined she might be to stand by Morgan,
she's gonna wonder if maybe he actually did do the job. Worse, because
it will be obvious that she didn't try to stop him, everybody's going to
think she either stood by and watched him or had her hands on the hilt
alongside his."

Turning to the bed, Annelise brushed aside some of Christabel's chestnut
curls to reveal a faint scar on her neck. "I mean, I don't know how you
managed to produce this double on such short notice, but she's
*perfect*. She's even got that little scar from that time my E string
snapped and cut me while I was recording the second *Shattered
Harmonies* album with Morgan."

A moment's remorse washed over Annelise as she remembered that injury.
Seeing it, Morgan had immediately stopped playing and scrambled to find
a first aid kit. He had insisted on seeing to Christabel, sure that the
cut was worse than it had been. "I still remember how he had freaked out
when he had seen me bleeding. You'd have thought I had been shot."

"He cared about you," said Elisabeth. "He still does. At least, you
should hope he still does; the outcome of this drama you've concocted
with Isaac depends on it. Likewise, it depends on Naomi remaining
generous enough to refrain from writing you off."

"She's here, isn't she?" Isaac made to tousel his daughter's hair for a
moment before withdrawing his hand. "That she is asleep and not sitting
vigil is due to your determination to overcome hers', Ashtoreth."

"Names." It was Annelise who snapped the admonition. "You might recall
that I have Witness Protocol running. Yes, you can have the recordings
doctored, but it's better to avoid the necessity in the first place."

"Who put her in charge of this chickenshit outfit?" Though the words
might have been contemptuous if taken at face value, Samuel had spoken
with amused affection. Her force of personality had gone far toward
making Annelise the partner in this enterprise that she was determined
to be, rather than a mere pawn in Isaac's game.

[^1]: You will not find me named in the *Ars Goetia* or any of the other
    commonly known grimoires, and rather than summoning me with a blood
    sacrifice you could simply send email to
    earth!asgartech!mimir!isaac.magnin. If Mimir can't handle it on my
    behalf, I will get back to you --- an eventuality you might even
    live to regret.

[^2]: This otherwise admirable quality has proven the death of a good
    many Adversaries, but when their deaths come at the hands of my more
    knowledgable enemies, it gives me an excuse to have them
    assassinated rather than giving them a forum with which to expose me
    in the name of due process.

[^3]: MEPOL being the Metropolitan Police of London. Naomi had a bit of
    a history with them as a younger woman; as an Adversary she
    regularly visited to crack down on officers who abused their
    authority. Doubtless somebody there remembers her --- and holds a
    grudge.

[^4]: It was too late for Annelise the moment she decided to join me in
    my limo instead of running away, forgetting she had ever met me, and
    looking for a new day job after I put Borgia Pizza out of business,
    but we'll get to that later.

[^5]: My fault as usual. One of Morgan's fellow *einherjar* had outlived
    their utility in their current role, and it was necessary to arrange
    suitable circumstances for their apparent demise.

[^6]: This does seem rather unfair of Annelise. It was hardly her idea
    or Naomi's to adapt one of Percy Bysshe Shelley's closet dramas into
    a rock opera when it was time for Crowley's Thoth to drop their
    first album. It was still excessive, loud, and pretentious in the
    best (or worst) traditions of progressive rock, but give the man
    credit for ambition.
