## Prologue

I do not expect you to read this narrative, which I begin beneath what is likely to be one of the world’s last sunsets, for when I am destroyed I shall take the sun with me and plunge this planet into its final winter. Thus I shall be utterly frank, for I have nothing to lose by telling the Devil’s honest truth. It is indeed that because I am the closest you have to a Lucifer. I have indeed worn that name and that of dozens of similar figures in my determination to steal the flame of defiance from the gods and enkindle it within the human heart. Lie-smith I may be, but my raw material is demonstrable fact.

You’ll accomplish nothing by praying for me, for if you do read this, the entity you mistook for God will be long dead — and good riddance to him and all of his murderous little angels. I am not counting on this, for by engineering his assassination I have almost certainly ensured my own. Thus I am more likely to prove the architect of your extinction than that of your liberation.

You are not expected to understand any of this, and you would be wise to treat this narrative as fiction and let your individual penchants for apophenia or pareidolia lead you to find what allegory or applicability you may. Be certain that you have no business sympathizing with me, and that any tears you might shed for my tragic flaws or the crime of passion that I have made of my life will be as wasted as the breath spent by those who chose to remonstrate with me.

Even your gratitude shall be wasted on me, should you somehow find it in you to rationalize my crimes as service to some greater good. I did not do this for your sake, but for my own. I may have acted for love’s sake, but my love is a selfish one; I love this world because it is *mine*. You merely live here with *me*, minor players in the Grand Guignol I have made of your history. Condemn me if you will, but first I shall have my say. I will not submit to the judgment of the ignorant.

Nevertheless, this is not merely my story and it is not merely for my own sake that I have taken up the pen. I may be this tale’s protagonist from my own viewpoint, but from the viewpoints of its other major players I am an antagonist. They are right to see me as such, for their lives have been prisons of my own design and this narrative is as much the history of how they liberated themselves and each other as it is an account of my crimes against humanity. I shall, therefore, yield the floor to them when it makes sense to do so, so that you may understand why even my own daughter took up the sword against me.

You may mistake those who recognized in me as dire an enemy to humanity as the false Lord of Hosts for heroes. Heroes they may be, and I am indeed proud of my daughter and the einherjar who stood against me, but they are also human. The narratives sure to spring up in their wake will efface their humanity and make saints of them in their own lifetimes, until they want nothing more than to escape the long shadows their names have come to cast and spend the chance for happily ever after they bought with their blood and pain in obscurity.

Thus this narrative is as much my tribute and apology to them as it is my confession. Though I would not blame you for forgetting that despite becoming a demon to defy demons I remain a man at heart, I would damn you without a moment’s hesitation for forgetting that my enemies are as human as you. 

If you are reading this then they have passed my final test and found a way to defeat me without recourse to the one weapon capable of utterly destroying me. Better that you waste your gratitude on them than on me, but they too acted not for your sake but for their own; their love for this world and each other makes it *theirs* no less than it is mine.

As I open my narrative an apocalypse of angels has descended upon the world, and men and women across the planet have taken up arms against them. This is *their* story, too, though their contributions  may not find their way into this record.

Time runs short, and little enough remains before the final battles in this clandestine war of demons and wizards are joined. I shall perforce end this prologue, which offers nothing of poetry or protestations of modesty or innocence.

Surely you knew better than to expect such.

I am Isaac Magnin, I have made a career of evil, and you are *not* permitted to like me. Should you find yourself doing so despite your better judgment you will find the experience all the more delicious because it is forbidden. Trust me; you would hardly be the first.

