[^1]: You will not find me named in the *Ars Goetia* or any of the other commonly known grimoires, and rather than summoning me with a blood sacrifice you could simply send email to earth!asgartech!mimir!isaac.magnin. If Mimir can't handle it on my behalf, I will get back to you — an eventuality you might even live to regret.

[^2]: This otherwise admirable quality has proven the death of a good many Adversaries, but when their deaths come at the hands of my more knowledgable enemies, it gives me an excuse to have them assassinated rather than giving them a forum with which to expose me in the name of due process.

[^3]: MEPOL being the Metropolitan Police of London. Naomi had a bit of a history with them as a younger woman; as an Adversary she regularly visited to crack down on officers who abused their authority. Doubtless somebody there remembers her — and holds a grudge.

[^4]: It was too late for Annelise the moment she decided to join me in my limo instead of running away, forgetting she had ever met me, and looking for a new day job after I put Borgia Pizza out of business, but we'll get to that later.

[^5]: My fault as usual. One of Morgan's fellow *einherjar* had outlived their utility in their current role, and it was necessary to arrange suitable circumstances for their apparent demise.

[^6]: This is the problem with Adversaries being attorneys at war. Morgan Cooper won't name his sword, but he'll have it engraved with some Latin motto once used by a royal family that failed to live up to it. Never mind that those facing his blade generally lack sufficient education to realize they are being warned that nobody attacks Morgan with impunity. It is unfortunate that I can so rarely pit him against a better class of criminal but it is hardly my fault that gangsters, politicians, and businessmen (but I repeat myself) all too often disdain the liberal arts.

[^7]: Hardly fair of Annelise since this is the man who adapted one of Percy Bysshe Shelley's closet dramas into a rock opera when it was time for Crowley's Thoth to drop their first album. It was still excessive, loud, and pretentious in the best (or worst) traditions of progressive rock, but give the man credit for ambition.
